1. Sony HDR-CX440 8GB Wi-Fi 60p HD Camcorder Bundle w/ Carrying Case 16GB SD Card (Certified Refurbished)

Product Description
Create clearer, more shareable memories with Optical SteadyShot image stabilization. Your videos will thrive with Full HD/60p resolution, a 26.8mm wide angle ZEISS lens and 30x Optical / 60x Clear Image Zoom. You can create highlight videos from multiple clips in MP4 and share using the built-in Wi-Fi or even broadcast LIVE from your camcorder using Ustream 4 live streaming

2.AEE Technology AP11 GPS Drone Quadcopter 3-Axis Gimbal (White)

Product Description
The AP11 Aircraft system hails from the Toruk AP series of Quadcopter drones from AEE Technology. Dominate the landscape and take to the skies, GPS semi-autonomous flight guarantees that the drone works for you to get the perfect shot. The AP11 is paired with a state of the art 3-Axis Gimbal that results in silky smooth image stabilization, get professional video quality with minimal effort! Simply point it in the right direction and let loose your creativity in capturing dynamic video and photos from an aerial perspective. Outfitted with a sophisticated GPS receiver, barometric pressure sensor, multi-directional 3D compass, and 6-axis gyro the AP11 is capable of 3D position-hold hovering with automatic stability and fail-safe return to home mode; the stylish wristband GPS tracker allows the AP11 to enter Follow Me mode where the drone will automatically follow the tracker at a predetermined altitude and distance. Be prepared for the most intuitive and user-friendly flying experience, never has it been this easy! Great for all pilot skill levels from the aspiring aerial photographer to the professional enthusiast. No drone would be complete without video output, so the AP11 comes with a S61 Full HD 1080P action camera that records at 60 FPS and is also capable of 16MP still images. The AP11 utilizes a Wi-Fi repeater system to provide live first person streaming video to a mobile device of your choice.

3. Epson Expression Home XP-420 Wireless Color Photo Printer with Scanner & Copier

Product Description
This space-saving, wireless Small-in-One prints from tablets and smartphones1 and includes a 2.5" color LCD. Uses individual ink cartridges; automatically scans to Facebook and cloud services.Get everything you need for impressive printing projects with the space-saving, easy-to-use Expression Home XP-420 Small-in-One printer. A complete wireless solution, the XP-420 enables printing from virtually anywhere, with or without a network — even from your iPad, iPhone, tablet or smartphone. Setup and navigation is a snap with the hi-res, 2.5 inch color LCD. Combine it with the built-in card slot to view, crop and print borderless photos, PC-free. Scan and share on Facebook or other cloud services with included software. Plus, a 100-sheet paper capacity and individual inks mean you'll reload paper less often and replace only the color you need.

4.Case Logic DLC-115 15.6-Inch Laptop and Tablet Briefcase (Black)
Product Description
Modernized for today's casual professional, this asymmetrically quilted case carries a laptop, tablet and your business needs within a deep black exterior highlighted with red accents.
Dedicated laptop compartment sized to fit laptops with up to a 15.6" display
Elevated, nylex-lined, padded pocket protects up to a 10.1" tablet
Organization panel inside the front pocket stores your cell phone, iPod and business essentials while also allowing plenty of space for power cords
Zippered back panel pocket with integrated smartphone slip pocket provides discrete storage for items you want to keep close at your side
Neoprene-padded carry handles and a removable no-slip shoulder strap provide comfortable carrying options
Pass through along the back panel easily slips over the handle of rolling luggage
Product Dimensions - 16.1" (l) x 3.1" (w) x 11.4" (h)
Fits Devices - 15.2" (l) x 1.2" (w) x 10.5" (h)
Materials - Polyester
Weight - 1.5 lbs
Warranty - 25 years


5.Samsung UN32J5205 32-Inch 1080p Smart LED TV (2015 Model)
Enjoy a viewing experience that is 2X the clarity of standard HD TVs. Enjoy a clear moving picture resolution at Motion Rate 60 with amazing refresh rate, processing speed and backlight technology. See every image as the director intended with enriched colors – even with older, non-HD content.With built-in Wi-Fi, Smart TV technology, and Full HD 1080p, the Samsung J5205 32-Inch Smart TV provides a high-resolution picture while also allowing you to browse the web or access smart apps to easily find your favorite media. DTS Premium Sound 5.1 delivers high-definition surround sound, and Motion Rate 60 delivers seamless motion for an enjoyable viewing experience. The eco sensor feature intelligently adapts the screen's brightness to help efficiently manage energy use. With Anynet+ technology you can remotely control up to 12 other compatible devices. Take advantage of the USB port to view your personal media, or use screen mirroring to wirelessly broadcast media from your mobile device onto the big screen.


6.AmazonBasics High-Speed HDMI Cable - 25 Feet (7.6 Meters) Supports Ethernet, 3D, 4K and Audio Return

High-Definition Multimedia Interface (HDMI) has become the standard for high-definition digital devices. It combines both audio and video into one convenient cable. With this AmazonBasics High-Speed HDMI Cable, you can easily play your Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, Blu-ray player, satellite dish, or other HDMI device on your big-screen HDTV or computer monitor. From small mobile, home-entertainment, or gaming device to large HDTV or projector, playback just got more impressive.

7. Speck Products SmartShell Case for MacBook Pro 13-Inch, Ultraviolet Purple/Black Satin (SPK-A2409) - Not for Retina Macbook
Product Description
Add a splash of color and a layer of reliable protection with SmartShell- a hardshell, form-fitting MacBook case. Made of durable polycarbonate, this slim, sleek MacBook case snaps onto your laptop in two pieces. SmartShell is precision-engineered to fit perfectly, for a MacBook case that holds secure and removes easily. Bright color choices, heat vent slots on the bottom, and anti-tilt rubberized feet enhance your computing experience. Protect your MacBook without sacrificing the slim, lightweight look and feel.

8. TP-LINK Archer C7 AC1750 Dual Band Wireless AC Gigabit Router, 2.4GHz 450Mbps+5Ghz 1300Mbps, 2 USB Port, IPv6, Guest Network
Product Description	
TP-LINK Technologies Archer C7 Wireless Router - IEEE 802.11ac ArcherC7 Routers & Gateways - Wireless
Lag-Free Gaming and HD Streaming
- Experience smoother HD streaming and online gaming with high-performance AC1750 Wi-Fi, delivering up to 1750Mbps of Wi-Fi speed over dual 5GHz (1300Mbps) and 2.4GHz (450Mbps) bands.
- Fully expanded Wi-Fi coverage with three external detachable antennas and three internal antennas.
- Locates devices using Wi-Fi and targets them with stronger signal using beamforming.

9.Lexar High-Performance MicroSDHC 300x 32GB UHS-I w/Adapter Flash Memory Card (old U3 version) LSDMI32GBBNL300A

Lexar High Performance 32 GB microSD High Capacity (microSDHC) LSDMI32GBBNL300A Flash Memory
Premium memory solution for tablets, sports camcorders, and smartphones.
Quickly captures, plays back, and transfers media files, including 1080p full-HD, 3D, and 4K video.
Leverages UHS-I technology for a transfer speed up to 300x (45MB/s)*.
Stores up to 8 hours of HD video; 24,800 photos; or 14,200 songs**.
Includes high-speed, Class 10 card and SD adapter.

10. Logitech M570 Wireless Trackball
Product Description
Your coffee table. Your favorite chair. Your comfy bed. Now there's no limit to where you can get precise cursor control. This hand-friendly wireless trackball lets you work and play wherever you want. No mouse to move around. No tricky keypad leaving your hand feeling cramped. Just roll the ball with your thumb and click. Precision never felt so comfortable. Thumb-operated trackball and laser sensor for smooth, precise cursor control. Works anywhere you do—even your sofa. Powerful 30 ft. wireless range with tiny leave-in Logitech Unifying receiver. It has up to 18 months of power on a single AA battery. Scroll wheel and Back/Forward buttons for easy document and web page navigation. Enhanced comfort—refines the time-tested shape of the popular Logitech Trackman Wheel.

11.Apple Magic Trackpad Compatible with Apple Mac Desktop Computer (MC380LL/A)
Product Description
The first Multi-Touch Trackpad designed to work with your Mac desktop computer, the Apple Magic Trackpad lets your fingers do the clicking, scrolling, and swiping. The Apple Magic uses the same Multi-Touch technology found on the MacBook Pro, giving you a whole new way to control and interact with what's on your screen. Swiping through pages online feels just like flipping through pages in a book or magazine. Inertial scrolling makes moving up and down a page more natural than ever. And users can press down anywhere on the Multi-Touch surface to physically click or double-click on an item--no clumsy buttons involved.

12.Texas Instruments TI-30X IIS 2-Line Scientific Calculator, Black with Blue Accents
Product Description
The Texas Instruments TI-30X IIS 2-Line Scientific Calculator features two-line display and other advanced features users get with the TI-30X IIS. The display shows the equation you are creating on the top line, and the numbers or symbols you are currently entering on the second line. Once the equation is solved, the results are displayed on the second line, and you can use the four arrow keys on the front of the calculator to edit the original equation in any way you like for a recalculation. Better still, pressing the up arrow repeatedly lets you browse through a cache of dozens of previous calculations, meaning you can look back to see the answer to a problem. The device uses solar power when possible but can fall back on the internal batteries (which are included) if there isn't enough light. There are three angle modes (degrees, radians, and grads), scientific and engineering notation modes, and even one- or two-variable statistical modes. Five variables can also be assigned to their own memory slots. The calculator comes with a Snap-On cover that fits on the back of the device. 

Key Features:
Two-line display
Fraction features
Conversions
Basic scientific and trigonometric functions
Edit, cut, and paste entries
Solar and battery powered
One- and two-variable statistics

Ideal For:
General math
Pre-Algebra
Algebra 1 and 2
Geometry
Statistics
General science

13.Panasonic KX-TGE233B DECT 6.0 Expandable Digital Cordless Answering System, 3 Handsets

The Panasonic KX-TGE233B DECT 6.0 Plus Amplified Expandable Digital Cordless Answering System, with 3 handsets, features extra-large buttons and amplified volume with a dedicated volume key, ideal for those who have a hard time seeing or hearing. Enhanced noise reduction suppresses background noise around the caller while simultaneously enhancing their voice so it's easier to hear them if they're calling from a noisy location. To maximize clarity, the Tone Equalizer control actually lets you adjust bass, mid-range or treble tones in a caller's voice. Plus, a powerful battery back-up system keeps you connected even when the power goes out.